Just like in the modules we can not only change to styling dynamically we can also change siestas classes
for days I will first define a s as class and we could define it in multiple places we could define
our styles would see us as file which is added to the whole application and we can also add it to the
app come on C is as follows.
The important thing to know about this app components s as file is that any styles you set up your no
matter if you override th one tag or you create a new custom CEOs as class like updated.
I will do that here.
And the starts to be fine here will only apply to disk component to the app component.
In this case not to other components because styles are encapsulated which means by default they do
not spread out to Avro components angler adds.
The logic behind the scenes to make sure that Stahl's we are encapsulated and this allows you to for
example define two different age one Stahl's and two components and they won't interfere with Jubber
here of course.
We only have one component so it doesn't really matter.
I will still use the app component seeis as file.
Add my updated class and here I will now set the color to white and the background color using normalcy
as æsir of course to yellow to again have as unreadable style.
Now I want to add this clause to my here to my name.
Whenever we did change it now for this I can use another directive named Engy class.
Again you can tell that it is offered by an alert you to DNG at the beginning and just like Engy style.
This also needs to take square brackets because you need to send some data into this directive to work
correctly.
Just like ngi style Engy class has a property named Engy class in the directive to which we now sent
a data.
Here we also send a javascript object and here I now need to well have key value pairs where the key
is to a class name and the value is the condition defining.
If dishcloths should be added or not the class name is updated.
That's the class I created here and to condition Well the condition simply as name is that equal to
max or to be resizes is not equal to max.
If it's not equal it will return TRUE here and therefore updated will be attached.
I realize it won't if I save this and we click Change name now.
You see we have that unreadable style again.
So our class is added dynamically.